Frogun (name TBD) Design Document / idea notes

// Right now the player can just stand inside a ring of demon dice and never die. We need a solution to this. Either the player's health is decreased if they stop moving for a certain period of time, or if their displacement is too low after a short period of time, or something.
// Maybe dice can only kill enemies when they're moving or above a certain velocity? Idk that's probably not a great solution but we can't rely on the player's to keep moving.
// There is no feedback when hitting enemies that have more than 1 hp. Need some flash or blood particles like vampire survivors or ultrakill
// Enemies sometimes fall directly onto the player. Need to adjust spawning so that enemies always spawn at least ~30m from the player


1. Use 1 and 2 to switch between the magnets.
2. Cubes and player need impact when hitting the ground.
3. Trail renderers on the cubes.
4. Make the cubes dice.
5. Piano music.
6. Speed upgrades, base speed 20f.

Possible upgrades:
- Move speed
- Rock shoot speed
- Rock follow/attract speed
- Bigger rocks
- More rocks
- Heavier cubes (cubes fall faster)

Possible abilities:
- Rock floating ability (magnet goes under player when pressing space)
- Double jump
- Explosive rocks (rocks explode on impact)

Look at BTD6 and Vampire survivors for upgrade and ability references/examples.

Smaller cubes are faster and easier to control. Maybe smaller is just a straight upgrade, OR you have two paths like bloons: smaller or larger cubes.

2x cubes take up the entire screen.

Bigger cubes tumble more like dice while smaller cubes bounce like bullets.

What kind of vibe are we going for?

BUG: When the cubes are all collected in front of the player, they can block the player because the player is walking into them. Consider turning off the cubes' collider when in front of the player (this opens up a lot more problems).

Trails look really cool but block most of the screen.

Better looking pistol position: Vector3(1.5,-0.300000012,1.41199994).

Add blue sphere when cubes are being pulled in.

Make a state machine and booleans that updated scriptable object variables so any object can access when you are attracting or repelling.

If you kill all the cows, none of them respawn. Also, the kill counter keeps counting up for some reason. TODO: Rework enemy spawning and fix bugs.




